AssemblyAI case study (#5211)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/assemblyai.md

---
title: Why AssemblyAI switched from Mixpanel to PostHog
customer: AssemblyAI
logo: ../images/customers/assemblyai/logo.png
featuredImage: ../images/customers/assemblyai/featured.png
industries:
    - API Platform
users:
    - Leadership
    - Marketing
    - Engineering
toolsUsed:
    - Experimentation
    - Cloud-hosted
    - Insights
---

[AssemblyAI](https://www.assemblyai.com/?utm_source=posthog&utm_campaign=case_study) is an API platform which provides powerful AI models to transcribe and understand speech. As a young company in the cutting-edge field of AI modeling, AssemblyAI enjoys an all-hands-on-deck environment where teams wear many hats and have wide remits. In such a fast-moving culture, having immediate access to reliable data is essential for decision-making about the future of the product. 

> To enable this, AssemblyAI had previously used Mixpanel, but as the company grew and users flooded in, Mixpanel’s pricing model made it increasingly expensive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AssemblyAI previously used Mixpanel to enable this but, as the company grew and users flooded in, Mixpanel’s pricing model made it increasingly poor value. 
```

Maybe unaffordable rather than "poor value"? Up to you.
